Assignment Description:  
The data you have been given represent the daily takings of a new small business during its first 100 days of operation. The two variables are:  
  
x: day number  
t: daily takings (in units of £1000)  
Variable t can be taken to be generated by  t_i = h(x_i) + e with e ~ N(0, o^2)  and o = 0.1. h(x) is unknown.  
  
The data is recorded every five days (days 1, 6, 11 etc) and is the sum of the previous five days takings. Unfortunately, some of the data is missing, with recordings from days 31, 36, 41, 46, 51, and 56 missing because of a failure of the business's IT system and lack of a backup. This data is needed for accounting purposes.  
  
**Question 1:**  
Use 3-fold cross-validation to select an optimal polynomial model using least squares estimation without regularization. In the notebook:  
  
State the optimal degree of polynomial and print its parameters accurate to three decimal places.  
Plot the fitted line and comment on whether it appears to represent the data well. Do you think it will generalise well to unseen data?  
State clearly your estimates of t for the missing values of x  

**Question 2:**  
Compute the posterior distribution of the model parameters for the optimal model with all data points included. Assume a Gaussian Prior with mean m_0=0 and covariance S_0 = alpha^-1*I . Set alpha=2.0 .  
  
Compare the value of the mean of the posterior with your maximum likelihoood estimate.  
Comment on your finding.  
Under what circumstances would the maximum likelihood estimate be identical to the mean of the posterior? Verify that this is the case.  

**Question 2:**  
Plot the uncertainty in your model's predictions.  
What happens if you try to predict t  in the future? Compute and plot the mean and uncertainty of the model prediction for up to day 120. Comment on your result.  